REQUEST : So now what we are going to do, we are going to replace the current articles with a. New articles. 1. I AHVE DOCUMENT CALLED @contextScopeItemMentionTHIS DOCUMENT contains the full flow and formart of how all our articles should be craeted and this is going to be our template that we shall sue to recraete all the artciels across all categories 1. headline s-this atricle still includes all the information about how our tirltles for all our articles should be structured 3. we are groing to change the artciles but when it coems to the white uplidted cards that are in teh current articles we shall main ther design vern though the content will be differenct aligning wiih what teh document @contextScopeItemMentionclear says 4. What you're going to do are going to ensure that as you're building these articles, you exactly follow what has been. Fully described in this 900 page article. You're not going to deviate and do anything else. You're going to follow that exact credential for each and every article. 5. So given that we have different categories, for each category you're going to create five articles. Time to do the monkey see monkey that we are going to. To store in our firestore. 6. When it comes to the to the to getting links of photos, you are going. To ensure that for each article you go and research on the unsplash. The website and be able to to get a relevant image that is related to the article. Go that you've written and when I say relevant, that is to be relevant and in line with what the article talks about or what is being said in the headline of the article, so that the image is much, very well. This means that among the things that are going to stored on the article in our Firestore, it's going to be. The link to to the image so that the images also come out very well accompanying the articles. 8. Now as a senior. Copywriter. Who is following the format that we provided in the article @contextScopeItemMentionEnsure that all these are. It was a written each category are going to to give us five articles and after that you will provide us with. The complete a report. called articles.md Which is going to be in a markdown file and this is going to just. Clearly outline are. The articles you've written. The category, the articles that you've written in that category by a light writing there. Headlines. And you're going to list all the articles that you've worked on. NOTE: So as you are creating these articles, what you are following you are you are following strictly the layout that has been provided in. Document.